com/asav/android/db/TopCategoriesData.java
 com.asav.android.db.TopCategoriesData
 com.asav.android.db.TopCategoriesData$1
com/asav/android/db/ClassificationForDetectedObjects.java
 com.asav.android.db.ClassificationForDetectedObjects
com/asav/android/mtcnn/Box.java
 com.asav.android.mtcnn.Box
com/asav/android/EmotionPyTorchClassifier.java
 com.asav.android.EmotionPyTorchClassifier
 com.asav.android.EmotionPyTorchClassifier$1
com/asav/android/ClassifierResult.java
 com.asav.android.ClassifierResult
com/asav/android/EmotionData.java
 com.asav.android.EmotionData
com/asav/android/EmotionTfLiteClassifier.java
 com.asav.android.EmotionTfLiteClassifier
com/asav/android/AgeGenderEthnicityTfLiteClassifier.java
 com.asav.android.AgeGenderEthnicityTfLiteClassifier
com/asav/android/TfLiteClassifier.java
 com.asav.android.TfLiteClassifier
com/asav/android/TfLiteClassifier2.java
 com.asav.android.TfLiteClassifier2
com/asav/android/db/ImageAnalysisResults.java
 com.asav.android.db.ImageAnalysisResults
com/asav/android/PhotoProcessor.java
 com.asav.android.PhotoProcessor
 com.asav.android.PhotoProcessor$AppendingObjectOutputStream
com/asav/android/FaceData.java
 com.asav.android.FaceData
com/asav/android/BuildConfig.java
 com.asav.android.BuildConfig
com/asav/android/VisualPreferences.java
 com.asav.android.VisualPreferences
 com.asav.android.VisualPreferences$1
 com.asav.android.VisualPreferences$2
 com.asav.android.VisualPreferences$3
 com.asav.android.VisualPreferences$4
com/asav/android/HighLevelVisualPreferences.java
 com.asav.android.HighLevelVisualPreferences
 com.asav.android.HighLevelVisualPreferences$1
 com.asav.android.HighLevelVisualPreferences$2
 com.asav.android.HighLevelVisualPreferences$3
com/asav/android/MainActivity.java
 com.asav.android.MainActivity
 com.asav.android.MainActivity$1
 com.asav.android.MainActivity$2
 com.asav.android.MainActivity$3
 com.asav.android.MainActivity$FaceFeatures
 com.asav.android.MainActivity$ResultType
com/asav/android/Photos.java
 com.asav.android.Photos
 com.asav.android.Photos$1
 com.asav.android.Photos$2
 com.asav.android.Photos$3
 com.asav.android.Photos$4
 com.asav.android.Photos$5
 com.asav.android.Photos$6
 com.asav.android.Photos$ProcessImageTask
com/asav/android/db/RectFloat.java
 com.asav.android.db.RectFloat
com/asav/android/db/ImageClassificationData.java
 com.asav.android.db.ImageClassificationData
 com.asav.android.db.ImageClassificationData$1
com/asav/android/ScenesTfLiteClassifier2.java
 com.asav.android.ScenesTfLiteClassifier2
com/asav/android/db/SceneData.java
 com.asav.android.db.SceneData
com/asav/android/mtcnn/Utils.java
 com.asav.android.mtcnn.Utils
com/asav/android/db/EXIFData.java
 com.asav.android.db.EXIFData
com/asav/android/db/ClassifierResult.java
 com.asav.android.db.ClassifierResult
